SDSFPAGE is a tool designed to be used with SDSF to browse, print to
sysout, print to a data set, or e-mail (using XMITIP) a page or range of
pages from a job in the spool.

EDITPAGE is a frontend to SDSFPAGE that is a more logical name than
SDSFPAGE when used as a pure ISPF Edit command.

Change history: see the SDSFPAGE REXX Code for the change history

Dependencies:
              1. requires XMITIP Version 4.50 or above for the e-mail
                 option of SDSFPAGE to work
              2. for the format option for e-mail to work requires
                 XMITIP version 4.55 or above

Included in the zip package is a users guide in Adobe Acrobat (PDF) format.

To use:
1. Execute member $receive to rebuild the distribution data sets
2. copy the sdsfpage.panels into a data set in your ISPPLIB
   concatenation
3. copy the sdsfpage.exec into a data set in your SYSEXEC
   concatenation.

Then (under SDSF):
1. get into SDSF
2. Next to a Jobname or a DDname enter SE to bring up the SDSF Editor
3. Enter on the command line SDSFPAGE options
   where options are:
   page#                    - for a single page
   from-page# to-page#      - for multiple pages
   ?                        - for a display of the syntax
   blank                    - to display the ISPF prompting panel
   Count                    - count the pages and insert a relative page
                              number line of data
                              Abbreviation: C
4. Then select brwose, sysout, data set, e-mail, or edit

Then (under ISPF Edit):
1. get into ISPF Edit
2. Enter on the command line EDITPAGE options
   where options are:
   page#                    - for a single page
   from-page# to-page#      - for multiple pages
   ?                        - for a display of the syntax
   blank                    - to display the ISPF prompting panel
   Count                    - count the pages and insert a relative page
                              number line of data
                              Abbreviation: C
5. Then select brwose, sysout, data set, e-mail, or edit

Pre-req: To use the E-mail option you will need the XMITIP application
         available from http://www.geocities.com/lbdyck.

Warranty: None.  Use at your own risk. While this worked at the time it
was distributed there is no guarantee that it will work in your
environment. Thus you should review the code and test it before use in
any productive way.
